plus one second sorry for forgetting to
record thanks for the reminder
daveed I think we should we should plan
to record these and I and ideally make
them public to everyone and I think that
that makes sense it involves a lot of
the core design decisions on the
protocol and and was something that we'd
kind of the Jas team was absolutely
already doing and the go team had like
agreed to do but we hadn't really gotten
around to doing it super consistently so
I think Alan thoughts the the format of
initiatives and talking through the
interesting things it's way more
interesting for people to watch than
just quickfire like this is what I would
was doing this is what I got blocked on
this is what I'm doing next so actually
having a proper agenda and like the GUI
team were already doing this obviously
they are pioneering away of all of this
and yeah it's like in terms of having
something on YouTube to watch like it
like what I think we were doing really
well was we were sharing everything we
were doing but in terms of actually
making it really interesting to the
community I think that was kind of
minimal at best
but actually having like sit this week
we're going to be talking about these
things would be kind of really
interesting maybe we can get towards
that with the the initiatives and just
make it a bit more interesting but um
you know if it's it's a it's kind of a
toss up isn't it between this being
utility for all of us and this being a
community tool and it's where we want
this to fall and it would be nice to be
like able to engage the community with
this as well but I think our primary
goal is for this to be utility for us so
I'm not saying we shouldn't do that but
just keep in mind I think to maybe both
Michelle's point and your point like and
this is not
really a meeting where we're gonna be
like assigning a bunch of action items
so much I think it's this is more of a
place to unblock action that's happening
throughout the project and make sure
that the the next steps have kind of
clarity and an agreement across kind of
protocol design areas so I'd imagine
something like for example there's a
proposal from some folks working on
package managers who want to I don't
know make make some useful change that's
gonna make a component of package
managers way faster and they're working
on this and they want to make sure that
the design that they're approaching fits
well like both both for go and for
jeaious and that kind of like we have a
top level design and a method for doing
it that like everyone is on board with
and we can kind of hit the ground
running and have like an MVP that we can
get out the door pretty quickly in order
to just see them return on that and so
I'd imagine this call is something where
we're like hey here is the proposal from
this group they want to do X this is why
here's the feedback maybe you know okay
we can do X but X plus y because of this
particular thing that someone might not
understand across the two different
implementations or something like that
are we all agreed that we can move
forward on this great cool awesome
initiative kind of like is now in
implementation state and will stay that
way until it's like okay we want to
actually be merging this when is the
next release what is the kind of metrics
we've gotten or the feedback loop loop
on that we think that we can merge this
into the core protocol now that sort of
thing I'm imagining this more as like a
an iterative planning meeting until
having these kind of agenda items where
we're talking through things that have
kind of come out of other groups makes a
lot of sense and hopefully is is
interesting and also maybe as a forum
that other people from the community can
bring things to as well so say like if
someone from the community has a feature
of improvement or
performance improvement or something
like that where they want to get kind of
review and feedback and want it to be
merged in we can ask them to come to
this meeting and or they can just come
to this meeting organically and we can
use this time to like hopefully unblock
that and and if I have have some of that
like high bandwidth communication on
next steps and direction
okay so what I'm hearing is is well
something something between status
updates and initiatives but maybe where
the initiatives flex more frequently
than they had previously on other teams
that did initiatives so we have kind of
marva an agenda based thing where people
are bringing things to to the meeting
that sounds good to me
[Applause]
[Music]
here's how to decide the initiatives is
because like it's whatever people
gravitate towards or will there be
proposals and and then there's some kind
of like a routing though that says ok I
got all the proposals this is like
sitting here we're going to create eyes
on for the next my perspective is is the
other groups who are working on and
things are doing kind of the
prioritization more often of the the
chunks to be working on and this group
is more um kind of routing routing
feedback on that and
and making sure those things are
unblocked on the core implementation
less so trying to direct the focus of
those conversations but kind of like
it's making sure that if if there's
something that's really important we're
kind of like doing the prioritization of
resources to get that thing happening if
that makes sense so I think like the
agenda items coming in should be driven
by groups groups that need things from
the core protocol or things that we we
have visibility need to be improved so
kind of anyone can bring an initiative
to the table and then the question is
like how we how we respond and allocate
our time effectively to trying to help
unblock that and make sure it moves
forward
so make sense Michelle I'll give that
something like a plus-one did you have a
hand Michelle or you covered it and the
process of it and then when Dean asks
question I went back to being confused
and then you answer it I don't know okay
that I got it good thank you cool yeah I
do think the the challenge for us now is
to like let's get that list of
initiatives and I think it mostly comes
out of the okay artwork that we're
hopefully doing now um so like over the
course of this week of like the the
chunks of work that we want to be taking
on and a number of those are gonna have
dependencies on the core protocol
improving in significant ways so like I
know that there are some specific things
on libels mind that he needs to be
getting into JSI PFS end and that those
would kind of come here if they had any
kind of open design questions or if like
he needs a release to get them into you
know whatever brief browser or something
rather that we need to happen and vice
versa for like package manager side
things
I think I saw a hand from Allen yeah so
mostly agreeing with that I think and so
what I think I'm hearing is just the the
initiatives kind of come from one or
more one or more okrs from maybe another
or they're roughly aligned with in some
way
okay ours from my cover other teams and
what they're working maybe somebody
because I wasn't here before
can tell me what an initiative was or is
I think this word is I think III you
look at the notes from the NGO ipfs
calls those a good example of that well
let me let me put up a site and it was
an initiative like we are gonna do this
task it was like a way of prioritizing
what we should do or it was like let's
discuss this is a design question let's
talk about it and figure it out and then
someone else does that do it it's a
category of caste so it gets each
initiative is like improve IP n s like
by implementing this thing and then like
we'll have a bunch of tasks within that
continue to work on the distinction here
is really like we have okay rkers that
we have k arts initiatives but kr7
issues legs and tears you to say like by
the end of this quarter we need to like
meet these metrics but they don't
respond how we should be those metrics
you should allow us say okay we're going
to work on this and then in build a
quarter we could throw them throw away
the initiative or play something else if
we find a better way to meet those cars
that was a deception please miss pross
understand got it and that's so that
leaping back to what Molly said to me it
sounds like this group will no longer
necessarily have initiatives but I might
not be understanding that correctly it
felt like what I interpreted was oh the
task forces will be tracking and
implementing the initiatives like the
things that we're doing sort of and then
this group if we have cross
task force stuff that we need to work
out or talk about we talked about that
here but it's not like there's a list of
things that this group is actively doing
day to day but I'm not sure if that's
correct
I think that's that's mostly the picture
in my head where like this group is not
so much coming up with us
initiatives and a set of okay ours for
the quarter but it's taking the set of
initiatives that are on the core
protocols jsn go and making sure that
they can successfully move forward in a
cross coordinated way I think with with
the understanding that some of those
will come from like things that people
need out of the core protocols the core
implementations kind of from a project
operation standpoint we need to make
sure that we're addressing feedback from
some section of our community that that
needs a thing that is not necessarily a
package manager thing or a gateway thing
or some other or a web browsers thing
but is like a thing that our community
needs from the core protocols and so
that would become kind of an initiative
brought to this group in order to
support our community make sense does
that make sense
Alan sounds like
does that match with your idea as well
all right that was really useful at
least my gears turned as well
all right and so we kind of have an idea
of how to do those things and my
proposal for what we do is next week we
kind of review the okay ours from all of
the different groups which will
hopefully be in in a spreadsheet by end
of week and from there we source a first
list of initiatives that we can then
walk through because you know or pretty
much ask representatives from each group
or something like what are the
initiatives that that need to be tracked
over the course of this quarter and then
we can make sure that we have with a
list that were we're looking at and see
which ones we want to be talking about I
kind of prioritize from there
seem reasonable alright the other things
on our agenda were things like walkers
and questions do does anyone have any
blockers from their async status updates
that we should make sure that we run
through to get people unblocked on the
stuff they're doing right now
Stephen
good fist right cut an RC 1 for a patch
release to fix a bunch of burning bugs
unfortunately over infra as far as I
know is running highly patched releases
so I'd like to find some way of testing
this without like breaking other things
but like testing I mean like trout my
fire kind of testing like actually that
getting out in front I don't think it'll
cause any problems because we're only
pulling in the bare minimum like
critical fixes but I don't want to
really something hasn't tested on
anything so is there a thread or
something that my goal should check out
oh there's the release there's its link
in the notes is the young police beyond
vocal and our plan for that is to start
running it on a subset of infra and then
also ping some folks in what we're
iterating on your release process as
early as there is people who kind of
self-select into wanting to help us try
out some some viruses ideally the issue
here is most were in for as far as I
know is running destabilize branches
Tuesday was the ght and I don't want to
break that so I don't know where or we
could run this we may be able to run it
mmm I really don't know where actually
so that's one you talked about this
devil did you can that's a quick quick
question what does testing mean in this
sense that could it deploy it and check
the graphs and make sure it doesn't
explode or yes yeah I mean like you can
put it under heavy load in allocations
check go routines check it like we don't
get random panics or whatever these
years like our test test a lot of this
but especially cuz it's all running in
CI like we can't run this on beef
machine so most of our regressions like
we have been like well this works fine
on my machine but then we try to test it
like an actual Gacha machine that has
like 20,000 connections and blows up so
and when you say deploy like deploy it
to in
are we talking about this as
specifically to the gateways and these
summoned for so they usually would do
sort of play to the gateways and look at
that and then we'll try to play the
bootstrappers although that was in the
past for a kind of Stockholm version at
the problem right now is that these are
all running a highly patched version but
we Fest is trying to stabilize ADHD so
concerned that we can't do that and when
I wish subsidies who can brother on is
it so I previously talked in the past
were there and my cool about like
awesome traffic one to a separate set of
machines would that be possible in this
we have that so this for a while we had
a Uruguay which we could use and yeah so
that we could we could like that would
help us have some testing where
basically happens like rats I think in
this case we literally just duplicate in
traffic and then blocking all the
responses from God with us but this
still forced us to actually do all the
work which would give us a good amount
of the information but it's the of
course that's not running on
bootstrappers we haven't they're running
the stuff in boots drivers anyways since
like over nineteen because everything is
stuck actually this before about 1900
for 18 that were probably enough I think
for me that is all still wired up so we
can turn that back on and will sync up
line you want to give cool lighting you
had a blocker I think yeah sort of low
low low key blockers one is related to
delegated for routing short story is
that the idea is to make a sacrifice
running in web browser being able to
discover like Pearson basically have
delegated access to DHD queries by
hitting some like it way right now we
have below clouds which basically expose
refs endpoint the difference is we want
to expose some additional commands on
the gateway port that way people can
point at some gateway and say okay let's
use this gateway as a delegator tutor
for those queries and the problem is we
had this configuration option on the
Gateway API commands it got merged to go
I profess button
fortunately it's not wild so anything I
think this is still like reps it's still
hard coded
yeah the pure got stalled any other than
peers empty
I can't revive I thought it was
legitimate security consumer yeah I
linked if you want to like track back
the history I linked the discussion and
i'll link that PRS that were very closed
without merging I think Lars opened like
two peers with two different approaches
but neither got merged so that's sort of
like that sort of a block soft blocker
is blocking people from running their
own delegated Rooter and also it's
blocking our documentation like telling
people that this is a feature because we
people are not able to configure their
own gateway to use that our public can
act as a delegate intruder but it's
mostly because we do that at the nginx
level but we want to go idea festoon be
able to do that out of the box and
another one is related to I pianist in
base 52 I think we need to bubble up
those like multi codec changes back to
go ipfs eventually yes I think that's
already maybe not is there an issue or
something for that second one yep yep
I've put it in like my notes I think
notes section and if there's someone
who's a current DRI on that on the gray
paper side that's a good question like
I'm not sure who has to rely cruelest
rights to go CID module which it's yeah
you not know I think I'll go it go CID
needs to be released and then go idea
fest needs to switch to the new version
and we are like never
and so that enables baffi peer IDs in I
can type NS talk do you have got link
all right right no this is the first
step to enabling them what is the second
step we probably need to like wire up
ensure Gateway is not expecting multi
cache but it's actually our that can be
CID basically anything that parses a
both a header or say hey I'm I mean as
the key needs to know a few parts it has
a pseudo CID thing well really Esparza
as a CID and then just kind of like yeah
kind of nasty but we can do it Steven
are you would you be the DRI
at the moment yes especially if you have
cool updates on bit swap performance
stuff oh yeah there's that are incoming
I'm trying to like vaguely
I mean I'd done a bunch of work
previously and I'm trying to update them
and get them in a finished state before
I like officially move over to grass
sync so there's one in right now and
then there's gonna be another one coming
shortly and the main goal here is to
just increase
I don't know transfer speed and also
reduce duplicates by really tightly
tracking peers in a session so it's just
sort of like trying to push sessions to
their absolute max capability which is
kind of like once we've done that we've
kind of maxed out what its lot can do on
its own without addressing or something
else
and yeah and then so we'll see hopefully
so there's a PRN right now I mean
there's also a PR in and there's gonna
be another PR and then hopefully that'll
be it for now
I'm always talking about is I think we
could get some mileage out of error
correction and the protocol which we
don't have right now really immediately
have time to do it so hopefully yeah
thanks for that doesn't does anyone else
have things that need reviews any PRS
that are are open and good use feedback
Alice so it's not a pilot needs review
I've been trying to push the load move a
secret way to stuff along
injera slant and so I've been trying to
do some peels against a little p2p stuff
because that's the kind of the area that
these numbers work at the moment and so
I've been trying to find like ones of
their own fpr's open and then looking at
their dependencies and working out which
ones needs appears to trickle that all
back up and it's comment so
internationals one Lupin and it's tied
off being a switch to async iterators
and now it's turned into like a general
API refactor where they think it's rated
nothing much has happened for a few
months on it I'm wondering maybe that
was a mistake trying to refactor the API
and converts waste incarcerated or like
is it going to be worked on or shall I
pick it up like what do we need to do to
take over the line
we're opening their new PR that just
converts the existing API taste and gets
our areas be a better way forward which
are then unblocked another bunch of
stuff and then we can go back and look
at the API again later
are you talking about the interface
connection right okay I intend to get
back to it as soon as I'm able to get to
sing it's Reiter's again so hopefully
next week and basically it got blocked
at the time because of all almost all
the team was with Agatha's camp tasks
and I didn't have anyone to review stuff
and so I switched to priorities to
another PRS and this got clocked by that
but now I think I can continue it you
know was i working on trying to get the
tht stable in Jos aquifer because I can
I take is like you're gonna take time
away from that I don't know Jacob Jacob
was working on improving the connection
management stuff for ADHD and until now
this is the blocker that we know so I
don't know if I will get bulks to the
DHD work or not I guess I guess my thing
is a like if we just convert the
existing API instead of trying to do you
like general improvements as well we
might be able to unblock some other work
we could then come back and look at the
APM yes my my main problem with that and
that's why I tried to merge all together
was to not need to two breaking changes
in like every transport and everything
that is built on top of the connections
which is like five five or seven five or
six modules yep I appreciate will mean
two sets of breaking changes but also
like the existing code kind of works and
we you know it's a known quantity and so
changing by re-implementing great big
chunks of it can introduce new bugs as
well so the whole thing could could end
up aspiring
control okay I think that probably could
be a good call to start by refactoring
it's in then improv it guy afterwards I
can pack that off if you like submit
appear with it just converted to a sink
away okay if you are able to take all
its like soon it couldn't it would be
helpful for me yeah okay Cody I think I
am I am unblocked
well then any anyone else have yes
who the hell is that I have an old niche
issue on what ifs about initializing and
passing the the config directly to the
ipfs teaming command cheese like a just
it's in the Sun shut you wait a little a
little discussion now to do it and I had
some like requirements for the Jets
parts which I found ways to overcome so
right now I think the only thing I need
is actually to be able to pass after the
config on the FIFA statement which will
make is easier on the go side and we on
the J side would be really grateful for
this because our tests will run like in
half the time so if you if anyone from
the routine can look at it and just make
the basic implementation no merging no
nothing just being able to pass the
counter coffee on the diamond comment we
will be grateful so yeah that looks
pretty real
yeah that's the only thing we need right
now thanks anyone other than
Stephen go side who might be able to
pick this up just missed even already
has like two other things
Dominic fingers thank you huzzah any
other blockers or are we really doing
fun two questions alright give you
already stuck a question in there do you
want to take us out anyway this is super
exciting that we know it's just like a
lonely dream so congrats to everyone and
for depth Green to come will be true and
I can make sure that jobs very well I I
wonder if it would be good to have a
structured effort of onboarding the
other team into the other team's
function it is true that we both teams
are waiting at because I profess is a
protocol implementations but like
there's definitely nuances and I think
that never got within into the spec so
it would be good to have some kind of
like onboarding process so that like the
GS Peaks can I get used to the way that
they go team does things and then ice
person because like there's learnings to
doing both sides um is this something
that people would like to see they're
like help getting structured work or is
there any equivalent plan to I see I'm
not really sure what I would say other
than read the thing about the link they
choose just a contributing to go doc
yeah I mean I think that they're least
brought are the the contributing flow is
pretty much the same as anywhere else
where you make them a fork or so you
make a branch you push the branch you
make a PR
and you go through the cycle and if you
have a big feature human gives you a
family
I think the beads point is not that
contributing process but the code base
itself and so effectively doing like
previous teams called this a stumble
like some sort of walkthrough of the
code base and kind of going section by
section or doing kind of an overview of
how things actually are and work on each
side and which gives other language of
limitations better visibility into how
things are actually playing out today
and so you could start having people on
the dais I'd pick up things on the go
side and vice versa and at least have
more understanding of where things are
at we should totally do that that should
be recorded and that means let me give
to our own people as well I don't even
know if I know enough to okay I guess we
decided to sit down really plan it and
try to like I still don't know yeah yeah
like think about exactly what I've
always said so thinking about like doing
some pair programming sessions that can
be recorded and I can even be my
subsystem I'd imagine like having one of
the go core developers with a couple of
ones and I just do beat swap for one day
and then do like whatever he's unique
surf S&M FS and like where those ripples
are in and kind of I just invite to fix
some of the problems some of the issues
in and report back like what was that
experience like what was different like
what was different in jessup was you go
in and then do these like four maybe
three four weeks and feel like everyone
just feel super-confident
navigating in physical bodies and making
suggestions so that's not going to
happen three to four weeks from the SWAT
side something I'm actually working on
with a community contributors trying to
get like did slots go bits lost
architecture more documented um so I
feel like if I had like a month to get
that into a better place I'd be in a
better place to lead such a like an
introduction to bits law on the go side
which I realize is totally necessary and
a good thing to build towards but but I
actually don't feel I need a little bit
of time to prep honestly because I need
to get that a little more clear on my
side yeah that's I think this would be
really useful has like a prepared
recorded presentation of like this is
the architecture of each of these
components that help we won't be out or
updated too quickly rather than like hey
let's just sit down and pair program on
this because I thought its components
are pretty complicated and like so if
it's just a one on one it's great
because I can like see what someone's
thinking what they're missing and like
you can really work it out but if it's
like a group thing I feel like a lot of
getting lost
right unless it's like a prepared like
Walter maybe not but I guess another way
to ask this question is for example I
guess I will put a little bit more
emphasis on white because especially
this quarter then that's how it is so
given that question for the Jazz people
here do you feel super confident and
comfortable going out on big white
professor Ivo's and I just going through
the issues and reading the code and like
sighs committee what revisions or these
are something that you have in your
minds that you would like to see first
so that you can you feel more confident
and discuss the score like Pascal and
Alex why don't ya everyone it has been -
Jess I
there are definitely parts of the go
code base well I mean the majority of
the code base I do not know I'm and
there are definitely things that I would
like to know better and so maybe if I
were to make a list of those things and
that would better better inform a
session on those things I'm I'm still
trying to work out if this proposal is
is like we all work together every day
or if this is just like once a week we
get a bunch of people together and
someone's going to be the lead for
explaining how bits what works and go or
like explaining like how I don't know
you know just a different thing in jail
whatever and and then we have lots of
people join the call and do that I mean
I think that'd be kind of cool I think
[Music]
yeah I just trying to figure out what
what it is and I don't I'm not I'm not
sure we know yeah and there is a
proposal really but yeah contributing to
go so like that that way it's the first
I didn't actually know that was
something that was happening so that's
the first I'm sure other folks have
already heard about it I think in my
analysis from kind of dubious proposal
and from getting together on a call as
like we want to be more familiar
something that I think has been a
blocker for us in the past is not having
enough cross understanding between these
protocols to more people people don't
focus on having people more able to
focus on like stuff that's really
important as it comes up in on either
side so it just means we have like more
flexible humans who can can jump in on
stuff as it's needed and I don't think
the proposal is say everyone on dais
must work on NGO or anything like that
cuz we have stuff that we um you know
need to be doing on the Jay s side for
web browsers and stuff like that anyway
and but I think having that capability
and having a group that is able to be
fixing areas
of of kawaii PFS that's a big focus for
us would be really useful and having
people on-the-go ipfs ID with enough
understanding of JSI PFS to kind of have
that that visibility and and be able to
own more of the kind of multi-language
implementation design that's I think
would be really useful so that's kind of
where my head's going and kind of
Stalin's point like I assume this would
be something like you know I could
imagine something that the feet would
coordinate and that would be beauty
beauty kind of like okay we're gonna do
a deep dive on bit swap we're gonna do
like one day on go bits go up and one
day on you know J s Pitts walk or
something like that and kind of like use
that opportunity to go through the
different things and have people who are
interested in those subsections learn
and also have people who are kind of
them leave maintainer z' of those areas
do do the presentation and walk through
the architecture as it exists that was
nice that was my understanding and from
Alan and then Hansen
yes so there's some areas where I see
this to be really beneficial is for
example like the stuff that he go
brought up about the config and changing
that that it doesn't feel to me like
that's a huge thing to do in Ingo ipfs
but it would be beneficial if like Hugo
were able to to you know send a PR to at
least get the ball rolling for changing
this config if not do it completely it's
just because you know it's not because
because he's working and focusing on it
specifically being able to kind of also
contribute on the other side - you know
enable his work and it's going to be
probably a good thing and and it would
save pulling people off other projects
to work on this specific thing that you
know then they're not focusing on phone
okay so they could keep our tears it
will be recorded so we can give it up to
other people who join the team right now
like basically every time we on port
somebody kind of like introduce them to
each sub module independently often
impose its for subsection figure what
it's currently doing because things
change in operations update it's like
that but it's why I think
I don't know if a pepper coming like
that we that helpful
there's a group pair program with all
that helpful more than like having to a
thought-out well-organized a
presentation effectively on each
supplement will be really helpful and
then like independently we can do like
pair like 101 pepper I mean are certain
things were like we actually have a
double channel that means Charlie Virgo
I'm gonna see if we can open it up to
everyone and then like you can like jump
on just like say hey like I have this
your this I'm trying to figure out so
much could you explain bases to mean
stuff like that
sorry best calc
I also like to suggest as we go through
this process I'd say we start going
through like substitution to serve
system will be awful too like an output
from those sessions would be like
something to improve the spec of each
subsystem let's see
I think something like this could also
be super useful to focus kind of on the
documentation side as well like this is
great for for the community for folks
who want to be understanding these and
onboarding on them more but especially
if we're also hoping to improve our
documentation and have an effort around
that this will be very good fodder for
understanding where maybe our
explanation and our disparate
documentation sources differ from each
other and have a kind of a source of
truth that we can then make sure that
everything is consistent with said
source of truth it should be really
awesome
cool I'm I'm super pro this idea I think
it sounds great and I think the next
step is to kind of define at least a
first set of areas that we think are
going to be the highest value and start
with those and see how things go and I
think having someone who coordinates it
if if feasible would be great in terms
of like being able to schedule these
times and and kind of coordinate dris
for doing those leave maintainer
presentations on subsections I think
Alan mentioned he had some ideas and
said to be you brought this up I don't
know whether you actually have bandwidth
to push on it yeah again he'll push on
it I also want to make sure like I'm not
editing process so that's why I kept
wishing well we have signing the quarter
this is a new call so maybe like when we
get this full request like just like a
quick iteration over the full request
just like that you comment put their
ideas on and then like what let's see if
people want to a little bit more
structure on this onboarding for the
next few weeks I guess I'm more than
happy if people feel confident for going
out of my setting meeting a lot of
contributions and let's do it nothing
can stop you there yeah like I still
think it would be great to like at some
point in the quarter kind of like the
week litigated to go I person to get it
to justice like one just like solving a
bunch of issues very quick okay I miss
what your proposal was what I heard was
hey we should have like meetings where
people walk through these things and
you're proposing is actually everyone
spend a week on the other thing trying
to implement stuff which is every day
standing
separating first is the correct one the
dedicated week to an implementation is
something that is on my mind forever
yeah I would agree that if we're gonna
spend a week on things I like that idea
I think maybe we should chew on that one
a little bit more maybe like create an
issue and we can can discuss like how to
do that really effectively and when to
fit it in because I think the beginning
of the quarter is not the best fit so
that we can like start working on our on
our ok hours and getting stuff done but
I do really like this idea of having
kind of a series of walkthroughs that
are recorded and that are like really
great learning materials for everyone
and are also communication tools for how
exactly things work today
which is really useful to have a source
of truth on that and I would love it if
if someone would take the action item
the lead on like starting to plan out or
like create a space where we can talk
about what those things should be and
schedule them and make sure that lead
maintainer ease are on board with like
giving a walkthrough presentation
because it as as stephen and hannah both
mentioned maybe takes some preparation
or some at least chewing over things in
your brain of how you want to move
through a codebase especially when
things are complicated and sometimes
messy
Kymco devs use typescript
I think Joe comment choke comment I
don't know um so defeat is that also
something
to pick up or do you want someone else
to to take a stab at those the series
again I'm happy all right Linda Bob
thank you very much do we have any other
are we out of time just meeting over
think we're out of time I my time zone
is still set to see CET CST whatever the
Barcelona time is so I have no idea what
actual time of day it is the wonders of
jet lag but I think this meeting is over
and very very useful c EST thank you I
had all of the right letters just not in
the right order awesome I think we have
a number of action items that we've
unblocked and next week let's take a
pass through at the very beginning of
the call the set of initiatives to kind
of define our list and role and if
iterate as we continue going and
hopefully we have a a wonderful code
stumble-through to look forward to as
well Tec s text perfect
okay cool well thank you all for
attending I will stick this recording up
and put it on youtubes so that other
people can see as well and then I will
see you all next week
go t go and jst should do a
collaborative hand